and we have a very special guest a
Turkish international who was part of
the winning side yesterday from the
Melbourne Victory
please welcome Goergen cordial how did I
go me trying to know just pronouncing
your name that was good it was a good
yeah yeah nice to have you with us hey
congratulations
yesterday it was a great game and it was
it nice to avenge the loss to in the
grand final of Sydney last year
definitely our Melbourne we always had a
rivalry against Sydney so it's great to
firstly smash them in the semi-final
just in case they're watching yeah I
think Brisbane is a quality sides to
debate them with all the materials that
have is a really great let me to ahead
yeah about eight it may be in the same
lineups Wow yeah how many how many guys
from the Turkish team do you guys have
you can't play for Turkey but you can't
play for the mate'll diseases once you
choose is that the way it works once you
get a senior cap off senior yaki senior
cap for the national team you can't kind
of swap so I made my decision to go and
get set in Europe so I guess that's a
bit more exciting than going to the Asia
team so I'm happy with that
San Marino Singapore yeah come on come
on I think I'd rather Spain and Austria
in Germany so if you stay here you get
to meet David Gallup have you ever met
David yellow yesterday you wouldn't yeah
I'm not gonna lie
no I'm I'm gonna be honest I don't know
who that is gave you that middle yeah DJ
obviously it'd make a big enough
impression for me to remember hey here's
a question welcome back by the way I've
got a question yeah but I've been doing
a lot of homework and I just want to say
so I've just noticed here that you
played 31 times the normative treatment
one just go along with one goal take us
through it
I can't score so one yeah I was good one
was it was it a penalty was it a head or
what what a night it was a game where we
scored about six other goal sir really
unfortunately it wasn't one that won us
the game it was just kind of added to
another one goal that was it
look I'm gonna knock on wood even though
I think this is wood but what are you
saying about our six
yes I've only scored one goal so far
behind the next season animal Sam
exactly another cracking question from
them with gee would you do something for
us I believe that you've also prepared a
segment for us is that true yes I have
really what's it called how's the missus
he's our duty out driver and that was
our missing
you've never had an Australian Capetian
kickback yeah yeah last one boss that
mom wanted gobbling her that was you
could have found something in her pocket
sorry sorry guys
sorry it's a save that went straight out
that's all we want money she's judging
my metier okay we ought to get out of
here hike gee congratulations well done
and well that's all the victory sauce
you